To show bookings on the bookings page when we reload there we need to add a new method.
You can add this anywhere of course and all named as fetch bookings.
And in here a one I'm always the fetch my list of bookings and I want to fetch the bookings for bad
user who made them of course and not all bookings.
We should only see our bookings here.
So first of all I will use the agent be declined to make a GET request and that gets request will of
course be sent to the same path we used for adding a single booking.
So let's copy that and let's add it here.
But now with Firebase and of course that differs from back in to back.
And this is just firebase approach here.
You can now add some query parameters there to narrow down which kind of data you want to fetch.
So did you don't want to fetch all the data but just for a specific user as in our case for it is all
changed as used as string literal notation with the back ticks so that I can inject dynamic value here
and then add a question mark here to add query parameters.
And the first one should be order by written like this.
And this is a firebase feature really important this does not work on any API.
This works on this REST API here.
Now here we order by user I.D. put it in double quotes like this.
This tells firebase dead it should order the results by user I.D..
That is not that helpful to us but we can combine this with t equal to operator.
So I am percent and then equal to.
And this means basically fetch me the data where user I.D. is equal to a value defined by us.
And now this value here should be put between double quotes and it is now injected dynamically with
this dollar sign opening and closing curly brace syntax and of course here I want to use my user I.D.
so I can use this of service user I.D. here and now I'm fetching only the orders for my user for the
currently locked in user only the bookings of that user for this to work you need to make one adjustment
on firebase side here in your database under rules you need to add something so add a comma and then
add bookings.
So the name of that node you created.
So basically whatever you entered here in front of Jason for storing a bookings under a certain path.
So bookings colon and then opening and closing curly brace and then they're double quotes dot index
on written like this colon and then an array with all the values you want to make searchable basically.
And in my case that's just the user I.D. published this thereafter.
And this sets up some settings for firebase behind the scenes to allow you to search the bookings by
user I.D..
Otherwise you would get an error but now you will be able to look into your bookings and search by that
user idea that is stored there that be remove that extra booking here.
So now we're fetching bookings by user I.D. which is of course nice.
We now just need to make sure that we transform them appropriately because you might remember from fetching
all the places that firebase gives us an object where we have keys which are a unique I.D. which can
hold the actual data.
So here I want to map my booking data into an array with which I can work for that I'll create a new
bookings array here and then a for in loop.
So for a key in booking data at the safe check where you check if booking data has a property of that
key so that this review works and does not fail.
We're not extracting data from any prototypes or something like that.
And now it does F. check.
We simply push data into our bookings array here and that should be a new booking obviously where the
ideas are a key for the same reasoning as before when we did this for the places.
So make sure to watch that lecture again if this is unclear.
So I'm creating a new booking with my idea which is that key.
Then with the place I.D. which I get from my booking data for that given key there I will have a place
idea.
And now just to speed this up again I will define an interface so I will copy the structure of the data
as it's stored on Firebase and then define a helper interface up here which which I'll name booking
data but the name is up to you.
And there I define how my booking gate looks like.
So in the end I'll have booked from which is a string booked too which is a string the first name which
is a string.
The guest number which is well a number.
The last name which is a string the place I.D. here which is a string place image which is a string
to place title which is a string and the user I.D. which is a string now booking data as they offer
the data format.
I get back and thanks to anglers H to the client we could add angle brackets here after get and basically
tell angular and the H to be client or we tell typescript that the data we get back will have this dynamic
key which was days square brackets notation to indicate that we can have multiple keys with names we
don't know and that the value for each key will be in the format of our booking data and now we get
better order completion down there because now we can go through our booking data and here I need to
add the user I.D. and I just noticed before I continue of course this should be in a map operator.
So there is an higher function here.
This should be inside of the map.
Operator and map needs to be imported from our exchange as operators then we get better order completion.
So now it is looking good.
So let's continue.
Now we extracted the user I.D. we all need to place title.
So we have booking data for the given t key with a place title.
Then we need to place image so booking data for the given key with the place image.
And then we have the first name.
So again booking data key first name last name of couriers booking data key last name the guest number
booking data key guest number booked from as a date.
So I will use the date constructor here to turn it into a date object
and booked too.
Same thing.
I will use the date constructor to use my booking data a key and then booked too.
And now I'm creating a new booking and pushing does on the bookings array.
All of that happening in the map operator in this observable chain.
Now we just need to return it as in the end here.
So often does loop.
Let's return the bookings array so that our observable chain your India yields and array of bookings
and whenever we call fetch bookings and I return this year of course we will get back this bookings
array as an argument in the function we pass to subscribe.
Of course I don't just want to get this data in my subscription though.
Instead here in this observable chain I will at the tap.
Operator Where I get to get my bookings and then I can call this underscore bookings which is this behavior
is subject next bookings and amidst the bookings at just fetched as a new list of bookings for this
app.
And now with all of that out of the way we can go to the bookings page where we need debt.
And here I do set up my subscription to that list of bookings which is great.
Justice before with iron view will enter when this page becomes visible then I will use this booking
service and I will then fetch the bookings here like this and we need to call subscribe here so that
something happens.
Now just as before we can show a nice loading spinner.
So is loading is added here as a property.
And whenever we fetch it here all set is loading to true.
And in that function and pass the subscribe where we would also get that bookings array but where I
don't need it thanks to the subscription I will simply said is loading back to false.
And now back in the bookings page H2 mail file.
Well there we can now take advantage of this.
We already output a message if we have no bookings.
Well I only want to show it as if we're not loading because otherwise if we are loading it is of course
a valid state that we temporarily have no data but if we're not loading and one of these conditions
is met then I certainly want to show that text if we are not loading then and these other conditions
are met then I certainly want to display my my list should be to an %s and of course I will also add
a new column at the top though the same size and offset here also with text center and in there I will
show my iron spinner for the case that we are loading.
So you're color is primary and I will add N.G. if is loading here.
So that's been should be visible if we are loading bookings back in the app here on the bookings page
we now see the spinner.
And then we see our booking here let's now make sure we can delete that.